# 2019/09/05 Feilong project meeting notess

## Attendees
John Mertic  
Ji Chen  
James Vincent  
Len Santalucia  
Mike Friesenegger  
Stev Glodowski  

## Agenda topics
- Welcome/Introductions  
- Discuss the role of the project leads  
- Project Chairperson  
- Infrastructure transition plan  
- Determine meeting cadence  

## Meeting Notes

### Welcome/Introductions
- John welcomed everyone to the project and gave background information
  - Discussed the change z/vm cloud connector name in project to feilong
  - Project page and logo - https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/feilong
  - github - https://github.com/openmainframeproject/python-zvm-sdk
  - Project mailing lists
    - Invitations sent
    - **TO DO:** ~~John will consolidate the general and devel lists~~
    - Private list created for internal discussions
  - Feilong is open to the public and anyone is invited to attend

### Discuss the role of the project leads
-  John reviewed expectations of the project leads

### Project Chairperson
- The project chairperson will become a voting member of OMP TSC once project graduates to actives
- The group accepted James Vincent and Mike Friesenegger as co-chairs
  - John mentioned that only one of the co-chairs will be able to be a voting member of the TSC

### Infrastructure transition plan
- Moving the CI/CD build environment
  - Currently in ibm labs
  - John will being coordination with LF release engineering team
  - Comment was made that additional infrastructure that needs to be available
    - Access to z/VM for developers
    - Package build environment

### Determine meeting cadence
- Future calls every other week during CI migration
  - **TO DO:** ~~John will schedule meetings~~

## Next meeting agenda topics
- Discuss not letting this project get mired in the "weeds"
  - Strong consensus among attendees that this will not happen
