# 2020/03/19 Feilong project meeting

## Attendees
- John Mertic
- James Vincent
- Vinnie Terrone
- Ji Chen
- Ingo Adlung
- Len Santalucia
- Dong Ma

## Agenda topics
- Introduction of new attendees
- Second level VM discussion
- CI/CD infrastructure update
- Open discussion
- Nick Snel will present his work on the python-zvm-sdk codebase

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction of new attendees
- Dong Ma
  - Works with Ji Chen
  - Works on CI/CD

### Second level zVM discussion
  - Vinnie has worked with Vicom team to build environment
  - Can this environment be duplicated?
  - Developers might want access z/VM environment for manual testing
  - Make the request process simple
    - An email request to Len and Vinnie
  - Vinnie needs to work on logistics and will report at next meeting

### CI/CD infrastructure update
  - John is checking LF infra tickets for updates
  - AI: John is going to follow up on this to get updates for next call

### Open discussion
  - Ingo: is the project open enough to support other Z virtualization (LPAR - DPM, KVM)
    - Ji Chen: difficult to incorporate in python-zvm-sdk
      - Could use same Feilong project with different code bases for other virtualization options

### Nick Snel will present his work on the python-zvm-sdk codebase
  - The US time change for summer is the reason why Nick did not join
    - Apologizes to everyone for not anticipating this would be a problem
  - Nick will present at the next meeting which is April 2

## Next meeting agenda topics
- Nick Snel will present his work on the python-zvm-sdk codebase
